8303130: Document required Accessibility permissions on macOS (#12772)
openjdk/jdk: doc/testing.md

### Client UI Tests

#### System key shortcuts

Some Client UI tests use key sequences which may be reserved by the operating
system. Usually that causes the test failure. So it is highly recommended to
disable system key shortcuts prior testing. The steps to access and disable
system key shortcuts for various platforms are provided below.

> ##### MacOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### macOS
```
Shall we spell _macOS_ with lower-case ‘m’ like Apple does?

Author: Done

Note: restart is required to make the settings take effect.

#### Robot API

Most part of automated Client UI tests use Robot API to control the UI. Usually
the default operating system settings need to be adjusted for correct work of
Robot functionality. The detailed steps how to access and update that settings

> for different platforms are provided below.

Author: Fixed

##### MacOS

> Robot functionality is not permitted to control your Mac by default starting
> from MacOS 10.15. To enable it choose Apple menu; System Settings, click
> Privacy & Security; select Accessibility and ensure the following apps are
> allowed to control your computer: `Java` and `Terminal`. If the tests are run
> from an IDE, the IDE should be granted this permission too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Robot` is not permitted to control your Mac by default since
macOS 10.15. To enable it, choose Apple menu > System Settings, click
Privacy & Security, then click Accessibility and ensure the following apps are
allowed to control your computer: *Java* and *Terminal*. If the tests are run
from an IDE, the IDE should be granted this permission too.
```
I amended the instructions align with [Allow accessibility apps to access your Mac](https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/mac-help/mh43185/mac).

Perhaps, “to allow it” is better than “to enable it”. Also unsure about “`Robot` is not *allowed* to control…” instead of “permitted”.

*Java* and *Terminal* are the names of apps, not part of a command-line, therefore they're shouldn't be rendered in monospace font; using italics suits better to separate the names from regular text (even though it's not required).

Author: Fixed

##### Windows

> On Windows there is a delay in focus transfer. Usually it causes automated
> UI test failure. To discard the delay type `regedit` in the Search and then
> select Registry Editor; navigate to the following key:
> `HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Control Panel\Desktop\ForegroundLockTimeout`; make sure
> its value is set to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows there is a delay in focus transfer. Usually it causes automated
UI test failure. To disable the delay, type `regedit` in the Search and then
select Registry Editor; navigate to the following key:
`HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Control Panel\Desktop`; make sure
the `ForegroundLockTimeout` value is set to 0.
```

Author: Fixed

> its value is set to 0.

Reviewer 2: Probably it should mention that this is a workaround for the usage of Cygwin:
https://bugs.openjdk.org/browse/CODETOOLS-7901623

Author: Done

Note: restart is required to make the settings take effect.

#### Robot API

Most automated Client UI tests use `Robot` API to control the UI. Usually,
the default operating system settings need to be adjusted for Robot
to work correctly. The detailed steps how to access and update these settings
for different platforms are provided below.

##### macOS

`Robot` is not permitted to control your Mac by default since
macOS 10.15. To allow it, choose Apple menu -> System Settings, click
Privacy & Security; then click Accessibility and ensure the following apps are
allowed to control your computer: *Java* and *Terminal*. If the tests are run
from an IDE, the IDE should be granted this permission too.

##### Windows

On Windows if Cygwin terminal is used to run the tests, there is a delay in
focus transfer. Usually it causes automated UI test failure. To disable the
delay, type `regedit` in the Search and then select Registry Editor; navigate
to the following key: `HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Control Panel\Desktop`; make sure
the `ForegroundLockTimeout` value is set to 0.

> Additional information about Client UI tests configuration for vrious operating

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Additional information about Client UI tests configuration for various operating
```

Author: Fixed

systems can be obtained at [Automated client GUI testing system set up

> requirements] (https://wiki.openjdk.org/display/ClientLibs/Automated+client+GUI+testing+system+set+up+requirements)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requirements](https://wiki.openjdk.org/display/ClientLibs/Automated+client+GUI+testing+system+set+up+requirements)
```

Because of the space, the link didn't get converted as expect, the HTML output contains `[]` followed by the link in `()`.

Author: Done
